docs:#1358 update doc about Tiered Storage properties (#1535)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/shared/tiered-storage/_intro.mdx

<EnterpriseLicenseNote frontmatter={props.frontmatter}/>
:::

> Tiered Storage helps to lower storage costs by offloading log segments to object storage. You can specify the amount of storage you want to retain in local storage. You don't need to specify which log segments you want to move, because Redpanda moves them automatically based on cluster-level configuration properties. Tiered Storage indexes where data is offloaded, so it can lookup the data when you need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tiered Storage helps to lower storage costs by offloading log segments to object storage. You can specify the amount of storage you want to retain in local storage. You don't need to specify which log segments you want to move, because Redpanda moves them automatically based on cluster-level configuration properties. Tiered Storage indexes where data is offloaded, so it can look up the data when you need it.
```
